# Burns_CSCI2275_FinalProject

My final project will explore Graphs and Linked Lists more in depth. I would like to understand how systems such as Facebook's graph API work, where each user is a vertice, and any connection or relationship is an edge. For this project, I would like to create a graph that holds someone's online profile (i.e. name, age, school, pictures, notes, stories, etc). I would then like to create different connections between different "profiles" between similar aspects of their profile. This could include going to the same school, same place of work, having the same pronouns, or living in the same area. I will also incorporate linked lists into this graph to hold multiple pieces of information that fall in the same category. For example, if a particular user has gone to multiple schools in their past, the linked list will hold all the schools that the user has attended in the past. 

Some of the functions I would like to include in my Graph implementation are isConnected(person1, person2) - shows if two people have similar interests or connection, primaryConnection (person1, person2) - shows if two people have a direct connection between similar interests (instead of being connected through others), recommendedConnections(person1) - provide 3 profile recommendations for a user to connect with based on similar interests, relationships, etc. 

As both a business and engineering student, I am interested to learn what goes on behind the scenes of social media marketing and this project will give me an introduction to this.
